We use http in order to send requests for
data.
A few requests we can make are GET requests
in order to fetch some data.
And PUT requests that are used to add or alter
some piece of data.
Angular makes it very easy for us to work
with these http requests.
All we need to do is import Http from angular/http,
then add the HttpModule inside our NgModule
file and add it to our list of imports.
We need to create an instance of Http so it
can be used in our class.
We do this inside the constructor by adding
a private variable of http.
Then we can start making requests.
In this case it’s a get request made to
a books.json file located in our api folder.
Then we need to map our response before sending
it to the component.
Lets now add an Http GET request to our application.